Deprecate tags without the OSG release series (SOFTWARE-4941) (#1005)
opensciencegrid/technology: docs/policy/container-release.md

Tags
----

OSG Software container images will be built at least weekly and tagged with the following format:

```
<SERIES>-<REPO>[-<TIME>]
```

| Field      | Description                                                                                              |
|------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `<SERIES>` | The [OSG release series](#release-series) used for software installation. Possible values: `3.6` and `3.5`. |
| `<REPO>`   | [OSG Yum repositories](https://opensciencegrid.org/docs/common/yum/#repositories) used for software installation, including the corresponding `upcoming` repository. Possible values: `release` and `testing`. |

> | `<TIME>`   | The time that the image was built. Image tags containing a timestamp are treated as immutable.           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `<TIME>`   | The time that the image was built, in the format YYYYMMDD-HHMM; see below for an example.                 |

!!! note
   Image names without a timestamp should be considered mutable.
```

Tags
----

OSG Software container images will be built at least weekly and tagged with the following format:

```

> <SERIES>-<REPO>[-<TIME>]

Reviewer: Eh. Six of one, half a dozen of another.
I don't want it to look like what we call our 3.6 version numbers (3.6.220113) otherwise it will confuse people.

> <SERIES>-<REPO>[-<TIME>]

Author: Fair point!
